# 09-23

## 2019

1730

Anna and Francisco and Nelly were here today. And I just discovered after all these years that they are from Guatemala and not from Mexico. I told him about grandfather and Granny. And Anna followed up after their visit with some text messages asking for more details. she explains that her father had been in the army. And I think they were issues.

I'll keep thinking I should ask them out for dinner one night. now all I need to do is find a Guatemala restaurant we can go to together.

coding has been a bit slow today but I'm just taking care of details so it's fine.

11:30

The only issue about using Dropbox, is that it does not have auto save. I lost a good number of words just now. let's see if we can get them back.

 from the New York times this morning:


> So instead of fixating on getting ahead, what if we simply focused on having enough? Turns out, you’re allowed to do that!

you mean I don't have to buy shiny new things from Amazon every once in awhile





12:30

here we are talking again online using my new files from days of the year created by JSzip.

Will mythese files encourage me to talk more. fingers crossed this works. 

with Shay and Viviana at hotel meridian. Nice but talk very much about Shay. the location was also quite nice. then onto the old ship. I got my credit card back. talked with my old neighbor Matthew. his friend Jessica was not there. The interesting thing about the conversation was that it was really not interesting. all the restaurants in there at neighborhood where too expensive. but somehow no interest in the neighborhood and what makes it tick.

Ray rovello has a new girlfriend who lives in Mendocino. he showed me a selfie she took. she looks very pretty, naked. but did not see her face.

