<h1>11-03</h1>

<h2>2019</h2><div><br></div><div>Sunday morning on a very sad day. We are back on standard time.</div><div><br></div><div>What am I going to do today? I have so many things I want to do. this is in stark contrast to when I was quite young and I was bored much of the time.</div><div><br></div><div>what I'm not sure about is this: is it because I am older than I have things to do or is it because it technology has so evolved so that I have things to do.</div><div><br></div><div>given that many people my age are just reading books and watching television and just passing the time until they die, it may have something to do with the technology that is now available to an early adoptor such as myself.</div><div>1406</div><div>so once more I am dealing with the way I keep my lists on my computer. I have done this a million times before. Instead of making a list or acting on the items on the list I am relisting the lists. So it goes.</div><div><br></div><div>I think the good news is that each time I learn a little bit more about doing things and how to keep track of what it's been done.</div><div><br></div><div>Some of the lessons learned include</div><div><br></div><div>Evernote is a program. That means you have to go from the browser to the program. To go from a horizontal tab interface to a vertical tree interface. You have to wait for the program to load. All the notes are in one big quite inaccessible file. Styling is by individual elements only.</div><div><br></div><div>Don't get me wrong, it is a pretty amazing program. And I have learned a lot from it.using Evernote with tables ended up being quite useful.and the flow between to-do and snippet is actually quite good.</div><div><br></div><div>So why am I not still using it? This needs a good answer.</div><div><br></div><div><br></div><div><br></div><div><br></div><div><br></div><div><br></div><div><br></div>