<h1>11-18</h1>

<h2>2019</h2><div><br></div><div>here we posting in our new page editor. What shall we call it?</div><div><br></div><div>20:18<br></div><div>how do I feel about writing here?I am a little bit scared. Will it be able to save my data nicely. or will I lose a lot of stuff?</div><div><br></div><div>perhaps I could augmented with local storage, so that no matter what things would be saved. The other thing that might be good for doing is saving on exit from the browser.</div><div><br></div><div>what might be a fun thing to do is to use it for the drafts of emails.</div><div><br></div><div>Dr Kattah</div><div><br></div><div>Here is the Monday update: stool continued to be very dark and tarry Friday and Saturday. Sunday: quite a bit less so. Monday: quite brown and maybe even approaching normal in consistency.&nbsp;&nbsp;</div><div><br></div><div>So the twice daily 40mg of esomeprazole seems to have stopped the bleeding.&nbsp;</div><div><br></div><div>Regarding the skin rashes and feet and body parts tingling, these reduced in occurrence, frequency and intensity during the few days I stopped taking omeprazole - and increased again when the bleeding started and I again took omeprazole. Three days into the esomeprazole, it is too early to say for sure but rashes and tingles seem to be a bit better.</div><div><br></div><div>I do frequently feel light-headed. I assume this is due to loss of blood. I am seeking iron-rich foods. Fingers crossed the situation improves over the coming week. In any case, I still seem to be able to tackle complex algorithms and walk over 6,000 steps a day.</div><div><br></div><div>Joana and I are phone-tagging regarding an appointment. So unless something significant occurs, further discussion can wait until we meet.</div><div><br></div><div>Theo</div><div><br></div><div>&nbsp;</div><div><br></div>