<h1>12-22</h1>

 all the big to do thingies say you should plan your day or something like that. mornings may be a good time for writing just a little bit. What I'm concerned about is actually recording my thoughts.

it would be nice to do an annual review this year. To write down my accomplishments and failures for the course of the year. and then send this out to my nearest and dearest who would not understand a thing. or very little. well then would I understand it either. smiling.

***

oh, I like to use of the word 'smiling' here. emojis are symbols. And I'm very much against using symbols because many people do not understand what the symbol means. words are symbols to after all, but many more people understand many more things about words than they do about symbols that appear on things like Maps or in math or into physics. so maybe instead of doing emojis in texting., I should attach the word or phrase that I intend to convey.

***

besides my annual report to people, maybe I should also be doing my quarterly Medical Health Report

dang I just lost an article that I read on medium that I wanted to quote. but the gist of it was that when giving advice tell people where you're coming from and what you heard from them that spurred your idea.


it's like the 'yes' and 'yes and' thing from Improv. you must explain the jump, the connection, the relationship between your thought and what you heard.

***
https://lifehacker.com/how-to-reflect-more-meaningfully-on-the-past-year-1840531947
https://twitter.com/jennromolini/status/1206985955854282752

here's a more satisfying + less hollow way to judge your end of year/end of decade accomplishments:
1. what did i learn
2. who did i help 
3. when/where was i satisfied
4. how did i build meaningful connections with non-assholes

Also

> should have cut that bit tbh but can never resist an opportunity to swear


***

I have little idea about what's going to happen the next few days. Alix arrives at midnight. maybe tomorrow night in Healdsburg.

my main concerns are not putting on too much weight, and getting enough exercise.

***

note to Josh and Meg. please do write the message to my family peeps about the transfers that I plan to initiate. it's important for me that this goes out in order to indicate that this is a family generational consideration more than just me giving money to peeps I know.
