<h1>12-20</h1>

<h2>2019</h2><div><br></div><div>I am your aged uncle tinkering in his garage Workshop<br><br>I am the old man in the yurt down at the edge of the village crafting arrowheads</div><div><br></div><div>I am the hermit on an island somewhere painting monsters on the margins of scholarly works</div><div><br></div><div>I am your aunt who knows exactly to go where and when in the forest to get the best mushrooms.</div><div><br></div><div>I am the old lady in the village market who can peel eggs faster than you can blink</div><div><br></div><div>I am the grandmother who can make perfect threads out of fluffy balls of cotton.</div><div><br></div><div>I have the skills of centuries of efforts stored in my brain.</div><div><br></div><div>I have the patience that came from decades of working on the same thing.</div><div><br></div><div>I have the happiness of a person who knows what to do</div><div><br></div><div>For thousands of years parents sent their children to me to be apprentices<br></div><div><br></div><div>For millennia old people and young people learned to disagree and agree and work together</div><div><br></div><div>for the course of humanity the old have been teaching the young</div><div><br></div><div>it's been a wonderful startup cheat sheet and a brilliant exit strategy</div><div><br></div><div>Until now.</div><div><br></div><div>These days the oldsters watch TV, read books, go fishing or sit in wheelchairs and tale medications.</div><div><br></div><div>There is no outlet for the wealth of experience.</div><div><br></div><div>There are few connections to other people</div><div><br></div><div>There are ...</div><div><br></div><div>All the oldsters are soldiers just fading away</div><div><br></div><div>All the youngsters are mirrors of their own device</div><div><br></div><div>All the ones in the middle "ask are we there yet?"</div><div><br></div><div>In my perfect utopia</div><div><br></div><div>The wisdom of the elderly is treasured - and highly profitable</div><div><br></div><div>The energy of youth is channeled to the boundless realms of opportunity</div><div><br></div><div>And the peeps in the middle, knowing where they have come from and seeing where they could be, are free to choose.</div><div><br></div><div><br></div><div><br></div><div><br></div><div><br></div>