<h1>12-28</h1>

<h2>2019</h2>

### What is the purpose or meaning of one's children?

Given with all the parties:

* Your unconditional love is undeniably present and quite uncontested
* You are there for all the symbolic holidays and life events such as weddings and funerals
* You are there for any and all bad things happening

Given the typical modern circumstances

* When you are all adults
* When you children have no children and are unlikely to have children you will know in any meaningful way
* When you have different interests
* When you live away from each other and are in contact infrequently

### Quotes

* Me

The purpose of having children is to give your life a purpose. And when the children have grown up and can take care of themselves, what is the purpose of your life then?

I used to go to good restaurants, but I don't anymore. In the past, I set the calendar and could reserve the table. Now the agenda is controlled by mu children, I have no idea what dates are available so I dare not book.

* https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/surviving-your-childs-adolescence/201006/parenting-after-the-adolescent-becomes-adult

> When parents continue their roles 
* as emotional supporter, 
* as rapt audience, 
* and as tireless cheerleader, 

what they have to offer their adult children never goes out of style, never loses lasting value.

***
## Record breaking walkabout

- Previous record was 8 destinations set with Jonathan Terry around 2010

Below is the list of destinations along with the names of the "[Domestiques]( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Domestique)" that enabled the achiwvement of this fabulous record

1. Crossroads - Alix, Cynthia
2. Salesforce Park - Alix, Cynthia
3. Smoke - Alix, Cynthia
4. Michael Minna -  Alix, Cynthia, Kyle
5. Cafe Terminus -  Carlos, Brian
6. Specs - Carlos
7. Mr Bing's - Carlos, Brian
8. Tutti Qua - Carlos, Enzo
9. Pizza Joint - Alix, Cynthia, Kyle
10. Hustler Club - Kyle
11. Old Ship Saloon - Kyle
12. Khoren's party - Kyle, Khoren et al

Walked 6.99 miles / 16,000 steps
